Tivo Guide Tools
$Id: README,v 1.2 2003/06/24 03:34:26 darren Exp $

introduction

  This package has tools to grab TV listings off the web and use them
  to produce slice files for a TiVo.  Yes, this lets you avoid having
  a subscription.  No, you shouldn't use this unless you can't get
  service from TiVo.  It's a lot harder to set up and not really as
  good.  From what I hear, the data TiVo supplies is pretty extensive,
  including lists of actors for each show.  You're unlikely to get
  that much information off a free web site.


overview

  add-channel.tcl, add-station.tcl, set-station-of-channel.tcl
    
    These are to help you create a working lineup.  This is not an
    automated process.  I only had to do it once, so I haven't spent
    any time making it better.  Good luck.

  getpages, parsepages, mkslice

    Perl scripts for getting and formatting the guide data.  getpages
    retrieves the raw HTML from a web site, one page per station per
    day.  parsepages extracts the useful data from the pages, and
    creates show files, one file per show per station per day.
    mkslice reads the show files and outputs a slice file.

  TiVo/*

    The Perl packages that do most of the work.  Put them somewhere
    perl can find them (look at @INC in 'perl -V').  You'll need Perl
    5.6 or better.

    The Zap2it packages are for http://www.zap2it.com, where I get my
    data.  It should be reasonably easy to create packages for another
    web site -- subclass TiVo::Web::Agent and TiVo::Web::Parser.

    Some other Perl packages are required: Date::Calc,
    HTML::TokeParser, LWP.  If you are using Debian, install these
    packages: libwww-perl, libdate-calc-perl, libhtml-parser-perl.

  tivoguiderc

    This should be moved to $HOME/.tivoguiderc.  

    'guidedir' is the directory where the interim data (page and show
    files) are stored.

    'webguide' is the name of the directory under 'TiVo' where your
    agent and parser live.

    'postalcode' and 'provider' are used by TiVo::Zap2it::Agent.  Look
    up your listings in a browser and then check the cookie the site
    gives you.

    'serverversion' is used by mkslice. It gets updated automatically,
    and you shouldn't have to touch it.

    'pagetype' lets you choose how to grab web pages. 'single' gets
    one page per station per day. 'all' gets one big file per day. You
    probably want to use 'all'.

  stations.txt

    A list of all the stations you watch. Edit it to match your TiVo,
    and put it in whatever directory you set 'guidedir' to.  My code
    only uses the serverid and zap2it_id columns, but it's handy to
    have everything in one place.


ranges

  The arguments for getpage and parsepages are a daterange and
  optionally a stationrange. 

  A daterange can be one of the following:
    - a single date "20011201" (YYYYMMDD)
    - a date plus a number of days "20011201+5"
    - a range of dates "20011201-15"
    - a list of any of the above "20011201-15,20011218+3,20011231"

  A stationrange is like a daterange, but for station server ids.

  mkslice takes a dayrange instead of a daterange, where a day is the
  number of days since January 1, 1970.


thanks

  Whoever wrote slicedump.pl. Arup Mukherjee <arup42@yahoo.com> for
  pointing out a problem with the number encoding. The Doctor 
  <Dr_Weld@onemain.com> for giving me some sample code of parsing the
  all-stations file.


bugs, patches, feature requests

  Any of the above, or bitching about the bad documentation, should go
  to grant@antiflux.org.


Grant Hollingworth
grant@antiflux.org
