DataDirect Parser

Ok, here's some basic info on what this script-set does.
slasher.pl - this is the main wrapper script that you use on a daily basis to
    pull in the information and process it.
    - arguments: --v - increase verbosity
		 --days - number of days worth of data to grab
		 --part - used to bypass initial parts of the processing
		 --listings - location for listing slice files
		 --headend - location for headend slice file
		 --writeguide - path to writeguide
		 --gzip - to gzip the slice files
datadirect.sql - initial database setup statements
datadirect.pl - pretty much stock file from the datadirect site.
datadirect-parser.pl - workhorse that processes the datadirect xml file
mkPrograms.pl - script used to take the information from the mysql database and
    create the input files for writeguide
mkHeadend.pl - script used to take the info from mysql and create the input
    for writeguide for the headend

Requirements:
  MySQL 4.0.14 or newer configured for InnoDB
  Perl modules:
      XML::RSS

How to make it work:
1) you'll need mysql installed
2) mysql -u root < datadirect.sql
3) if you were using the parsexmlguid process before, you _should_ be able to 
   copy your myprogid and stations.txt file into this directory
 Otherwise
   touch stations.txt to create an empty file.
5) you'll need to edit the following bits:
   datadirect.pl - update the username and password variables to match yours.
6) you'll need a ~/.tivohelper/config.ini file for the writeguide process.
   I'm not sure that anything useful needs to be n there, but it needs it
   for writeguide.
7) get a copies of config-channels.ini and config-logos.ini from headend-utils.
8) create a config.ini or modify the one that is automatically created.
9) Follow these steps in order to use cable and satellite together:
   In order to force 2 different headend slices, the postal codes for the
   providers must be different. Choose the cable system for your postal code
   and then select a nearby postal code for the satellite system (first 2 digits
   must be the same).
10) edit no_data_stations.ini in order to add stations to the headend that you
    don't retrieve from datadirect
11) hopefully everything will load just fine for you. :-)
